there any particular events or people that had a significant impact on your life during that time? [Interviewee]: So I had a head injury while I was in elementary school and the full weight of that untreated injury came to bear when I was in about 8th grade and I started having these really bad mood swings. So I spent most of my high school years in deep depression and no one got me any help for it. It was pretty awful. I excelled in English, in theater, did pretty well in science, won a lot of awards at the end of the school time when it was time to graduate. Didn't have the greatest GPA because I had a habit of skipping classes and not doing any homework but acing finals. Particular events or people that had a significant impact, I would say that the album Pink Floyd The Wall pretty much helped me with my really terrible mood. I felt understood by that music. And I had two high school sweethearts. One was a boy and one was a girl. So they made a big impact. One of them I'm no longer in touch with and today is the girl's birthday. [Interviewer]: Thank you for sharing that with me. It sounds like high school was a particularly challenging yet formative time for you. After high school, what path did you take with your education? Did you go to college, or did you jump straight into a career? [Interviewee]: After high school I went off to college originally to study criminal justice, but I changed over to English literature with a concentration in behavioral studies. After college, well, during college I had a bunch of different jobs. I worked with radioactive waste disposal, I worked at a woman's bookstore, I worked at a nightclub. I went off to law school and was there until I had to take a leave of absence because of my bipolar disorder, which was finally diagnosed. Years later, like 20 years later, I wound up going back to school again and got a business degree, mainly because I thought it would be fun to do. In the meantime, between law school and going back to business school, I worked 10

as a legislative aide. I was a legislation director for a state senator and I wrote bills and got them passed into law. Then I took over my parents' business as a manager when my dad got breast cancer. After I worked as a manager there and I moved out of state in order to get married, I wound up buying into that business, so now I'm a part owner of the motel business where I'd started working when I was 15 as a housekeeper, so it's kind of gone full circle. Now I'm going to be working as a part-time firearms instructor. 3. Generative Agent Architecture Generative agents are software systems that simulate human behavior, powered by a language model augmented with a set of memories to define their behaviors (14, 15) . These memories, stored in a database (or "memory stream") in text form, are retrieved as needed to generate the agent's behaviors using a language model. This is paired with a reflection module that synthesizes these memories into reflections, selecting portions or all of the text in the agents' memories to prompt a language model to infer useful insights, thereby enhancing the believability of the agents' behaviors. While traditional agents in agent-based models rely on manually articulated behavior in specific scenarios, generative agents leverage language models to produce human-like responses that reflect the personas described in their memories across a wide range of circumstances. In this work, we aimed to build generative agents that accurately predict individuals' attitudes and behaviors by using detailed information from participants'

interviews to seed the agents' memories, effectively tasking generative agents to role-play as the individuals that they represent.