● Rai et al., 2017 (30) : This study explores how dehumanization affects participants' willingness to harm others. In a vignette-based experiment, participants were given a description of a person in a dehumanized manner, simply as a 'man,' or a description of a person in a humanized manner with details about the person such as 'John is a 29-year-old man with brown hair and brown eyes. People who know him would describe him as ambitious and imaginative...' Participants were then asked whether they would be willing to harm the person for monetary compensation. The study found that participants were more willing to harm a stranger described in dehumanized terms compared to one described in humanized terms when motivated by financial gain. ● Schilke et al., 2015 (31) : This study investigates how power influences trust in social exchanges. Participants, imagining themselves as typists, were divided into high-power and low-power groups based on financial need and job availability. In the high-power condition, participants' service was essential for their clients, and they were offering the service to make extra spending money. In the low-power condition, participants' service was non-essential for their clients, and they were offering the service to make ends meet.

Trust was measured by the willingness to provide a free sample of their service to a

potential client. The results showed that participants in the high-power condition were less willing to offer a free sample. Our platform randomly assigned the participants to a condition for each of the five studies and we administered all five experiments through a custom-built Qualtrics form linked from our study platform. 5. Evaluation Methods Given our survey and experimental constructs, we set out to evaluate the predictive power of the generative agents. In this section, we describe the metrics and evaluation methods used for this purpose. The individual subsection headers in this section are organized to match the presentation in the main document. Study 1. Predicting Individuals' Attitudes and Behaviors To determine whether generative agents of the 1,000 human participants accurately predict their respective individuals' behaviors and attitudes, we utilized the GSS, BFI-44, and five economic games. We deployed our generative agents to predict their respective individuals'