responses on open tasks, while offering the most flexibility, introduces significant privacy risks for participants. To address this, we will implement a two-pronged access system: ● Open access to aggregated responses on fixed tasks: This category of access is designed to provide fast and flexible access while maintaining participant privacy. Academic researchers who sign our usage agreement will be granted access to aggregated data from fixed tasks, such as the surveys and experiments conducted in our study. Researchers can query subpopulations of the Agent Bank and receive responses in the form of aggregate data. While this access is somewhat limited, it is intended to facilitate meaningful investigations into agent behaviors and attitudes across broad population segments. In addition, researchers can submit suggestions for new queries or discrete response options, which will be reviewed on a rolling basis and potentially incorporated into the system. ● Restricted access to individualized responses on open tasks: For researchers aiming to fully explore the capabilities of the Agent Bank, we offer a more flexible, but controlled, access strategy. Researchers will need to provide a clear statement of their project's research purpose and its potential harms to the participants in the Agent Bank. Once approved, they may request access from us, and upon approval, will be granted API access to query the agents with custom questions. In this category of access, users will receive individualized agent responses, allowing them to maximize the potential of the Agent Bank for more in-depth research. We recognize that as research evolves, so will the complexity of potential use cases, risks, opportunities, and the possibility of jailbreaking. Therefore, we will maintain an audit log of how these APIs are used and continue to monitor their usage. This may lead us to expand access-for instance, allowing users to submit new prompts for generating agent behaviors or integrating

new models-or, alternatively, to restrict access further if necessary. The plan outlined here serves as a starting point, and we will adapt it based on community feedback and ongoing

Political party preference