7. Research Access for the Agent Bank In this section, we outline a framework that defines the key elements of our research access and present a plan for providing scientific access to the agent bank. Access to the agent bank offers value to the scientific community, with important implications for two key domains: ● In social science, agents from the agent bank can be used to develop simulations

involving individual or multiple agents. For example, how might a new government policy impact economic behavior? Would a social media intervention reduce political

polarization? What factors influence whether institutions foster or erode prosocial behavior as a group grows? These models may allow social scientists to explore a wide range of American individual perspectives, and create bottom-up simulations that analyze the emergent behaviors of different social groups. ● In machine learning, the agent bank can serve as both a benchmark and a training resource for developing new models, prompts, and agent architectures that mimic the original participants. Much like how ImageNet contributed to the development of computer vision techniques ( 56 ), the agent bank may enable researchers to refine model prompts for improved predictive accuracy and assess how newly developed models can enhance these capabilities. However, as the use of agent banks extends beyond our specific context, it is essential to strike a balance between the benefits they offer and the risks they may pose. This is especially important given the inherent uncertainty of future advancements in generative AI-such as enhanced reasoning abilities-which could introduce unforeseen vulnerabilities. For instance, unrestricted access to the agent bank might lead to privacy risks, including data leaks or the misuse of participants' identities. In a worst-case scenario, someone may manipulate agent responses to falsely attribute harmful or defamatory statements to individuals represented in the agent bank, creating significant reputational damage. Overview of the Agent Bank At a high level, Stanford University plans to provide controlled research-only API access to agent behaviors, allowing researchers to submit queries-such as questions they wish to ask our agents or prompts they want to run-and specify a target population to our agent bank server.